Fix actionsgroups API example response and cleanup topic generally (#3963)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/api.md

Retrieves one action group.

```json
GET _plugins/_security/api/actiongroups/<action-group>
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> #### Example request

Reviewer: not sure if this was intended. I see the format to be `Request` and `Example Response` in other occurences. @cwillum Thoughts on reverting it to `Request`?

Author: Good catch, DC. Technically, this is an example request: it contains a real name for an action group. And the Example response contains the same action group name. All of these should have a proper example for the request and the response. In that case, they would be example requests and example responses. But the format here uses a generic filler <action-group> for most of these requests, which isn't a proper example. For consistency I'll change this back to Request. Thanks.

    "hidden": false,
    "allowed_actions": [
      "indices:data/read*",
      "indices:admin/mappings/fields/get*",
      "indices:admin/resolve/index"
    ],
    "type": "index",
    "description": "Allow all read operations",
    "static": true
  },

>   "cluster_all": {

Reviewer: nicely done.. This should help users understand that there are more than 1 actiongroups in the cluster.

#### Request

> ```json

Reviewer: qq, does changing the format to json help with the layout? I was fiddling around with this when I created the issue with `json`, `shell`, `code`, etc. but it just ended up being displayed as a normal code block.

Reviewer 2: @DarshitChanpura It doesn't help with the layout, but it does provide syntax highlighting.

Author: Yeah, good question. The team just started using a linter (Vale) to help analyze style issues in the file. Eventually the linter/code analyzer will flag a code block if it doesn't have a language associated with it. So I added the `json` language to the examples to get ahead of what's coming down the road.

```bash
curl -X PATCH -k -i --cert <admin_cert file name> --key <admin_cert_key file name> <domain>/_opendistro/_security/api/audit -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'[{"op":"add","path":"/config/enabled","value":"true"}]'
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The OpenSearch Dashboards Dev tool does not currently support the PATCH method. You can use [curl](https://curl.se/), [Postman](https://www.postman.com/), or another alternative process to update the configuration using this method. To follow the GitHub issue for support of the PATCH method in Dashboards, see [issue #2343](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/issues/2343).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools do not currently support the PATCH method. You can use [curl](https://curl.se/), [Postman](https://www.postman.com/), or another alternative process to update the configuration using this method. To follow the GitHub issue for support of the PATCH method in Dashboards, see [issue #2343](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/issues/2343).
```
